---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Pull Request for Class Site
https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/81

To fix the issue I did the following:
* Fork the class website repo.
* Clone the fork (git clone).
* Edit the file with the mistake (02.markdown).
* Add the file (git add).
* Commit with message (git commit).
* git push
* Then went back to original repo and clicked create pull request. Then did a compare across forks and selected my branch vs. the class master.
## What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source  project to work on?
I am looking for two things mainly. First, the project should have a clear guide to contributing (code standards, getting started, etc.). Second, should be a project in a langauge I am proficient with, and a code base of a size that is managable.

## What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project?
I am able to offer my expertise in whatever langauge the project is using. I will most likely contribute by adding fixes, rather than creating new features.

## What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?
I am hoping to become very familiar with the process of contributing. This means getting up to speed quickly on a project, and easily being able to jump right in with contributions.

## What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning  to work on an open source project? 
I am most worried about being able to digest/understand the larger projects with very complex codebases. Likewise, projects with very strict contributing procedures are daunting.

## Questions for Aurelia
What is your most used open source project?
