---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

# Cathedral
The Cathedral model takes the approach of having a singular team work in unison to create the project. The developers release incrementally with larger isolated releases (with no work published between releases). The goal with this methodology is to create bug-free and very stable releases at each of these checkpoints.

# Bazaar
The Bazaar model takes a different approach, by having a much more open community. This means that the code is developed out in the public with changes being immediately visible. This goes along with Raymond's idea that ""given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow". With enough contributors and experimentors bugs are more likely to be found and fixed rapidly.

# My Preference
I see the value in both approaches, however I think from an ease of use perspective I would be more comfortable initally taking the Cathedral approach. Being able to fully polish code without others seeing the intermediate products puts less pressure on the developers in my opinion. I also think that being able to mediate and discuss issues within a team where everyone already knows eachother will lead to issues being resolved more easily.

# Two lessons that I liked

> When you lose interest in a program, your last duty to it is to hand it to a competent successor

I think that this lesson is very relevant and will be applicable for a long time. Too many times the owner of a project abandons a project that could be potentially useful to many other people. Much of the time the owner just needs to put in a bit more work to find someone willing to take over the project and ensure that it will continue to be maintained.

> Provided the development coordinator has a communications medium at least as good as the Internet, and knows how to lead without coercion, many heads are inevitably better than one.

When it comes to the Bazaar style I think this lesson is critcally important. When you put together developers with different backgrounds and inevitablly different viewpoints, leadership is the key to consistent and rapid development. If you have good leadership then you can leverage a larger community.
